So there's another hook that we can get
here from React Redux called useDispatch.
And then underneath here, we're gonna
say const dispatch = useDispatch.
And now we have a dispatch function
that we can dispatch actions to Redux.
Let's go ahead and
import all of our actionCreators
here cuz we're gonna use all of them,
use import changeLocation from
./actionCreators/changeLocation, okay?
Copy and paste that four times.
This one will be,
ChangeAnimal.
This one will be changeBreed, and
this will be changeTheme, okay?
So now we have all of our
actionCreators available to us.
And now we're just gonna go put this in
all of our various different form pieces.
So we don't have updateLocation anymore.
What we're gonna have this be instead is,
this is for
locations is gonna be change,
it's gonna be dispatch.
Dispatch expects a fully formed action.
So inside of that,
we're gonna put this and
then we're gonna say
dispatch(changeLocation).
So if you remember,
if we look at our change location,
this returns a type changeLocation in
the payload as is location, right?
So this is gonna accept whatever
the user is typing here and
it's gonna dispatch a fully
formed action to Redux.
So, in other words, it's gonna
dispatch an action that looks like
this {type: "CHANGE-LOCATION"
with a payload,
Of whatever they typed.
That's the action that's actually
gonna make it into Redux.
And let's just go test that out.
Save this, come back over to your app.
And now I can type in here again, right?
Because now Redux is
actually being updated.
And then whenever it gets updated,
it's being re rendered back to the DOM.
Make sense?
So let's go ahead and
do that for the other ones here.
Here we're gonna have changeAnimal,
changeAnimal,
and then we're gonna have to surround
both of these with dispatch.
Okay, so now animal will work.
Let's come down here to breed.
And I'm just gonna select
both of these at once.
This is gonna be changeBreed.
Put that in parentheses here.
I'm gonna put dispatch.
So now this is gonna work,
dispatch(changeBreed |e.target.value|),
okay?
So now our breed selector is gonna work.
And lastly, we need our theme to work.
So let's go make that work.
So this is gonna be changeTheme,
put all this in parentheses.
And we're gonna do
a dispatch(changeTheme|e.target.value|).
All right, let's go take a look and
make sure that everything works.
Do empty, that emptied breed.
So all that stuff is
still working correctly.
Chartreuse, that's working.
If I delete this,
then we can see all the pets.
Still thinks that that's,
or you know what,
cuz we didn't dispatch
to changeBreed to none.
So that's something that we
would actually have to go do.
In fact, we can even go do that and
fix it right now.
In the reducer for changeBreed,
sorry, for the breed reducer,
whenever there is a case of changeAnimal,
we have to respond to this too, right,
because we need to zero that but
only in certain cases.
So if, Let's see.
So we'd actually have to break out of
this into another reducer that would
listen to both of them.
So what you would have to do here is you'd
have to come into your index.js, and
we won't get too much into this.
But here you'd actually have to have
another part here where you'd have another
special reducer that could handle both
animal and breed at the same time.
Because if animal's equal to empty string,
then breed is going to be
returned as empty string as well.
So actually I have another idea,
this is gonna make this a lot easier.
Instead of handling this
at the reducer level,
what we can do is we can handle it at
the app.js or the SearchParams level.
So here on the animal level,
let's make just a function up here.
That's handleAnimalChange,
With e coming in.
And you're gonna say if e.target.value
=== blah, then you're gonna have to
say dispatchchangeAnimal
to be empty string,
and then you're gonna have to do that for
breed as well.
Actually, you always do this.
It's not even that.
And then you're gonna say dispatch,
changeAnimal to be whatever
e.target.value is.
There we go.
Okay, took me a second, got there.
So if you always do it, then you
can handle the reducer or whatever.
This is fine.
We're sticking with this.
Here on changeAnimal or changeBreed,
changeAnimal, I'm gonna
do handleAnimalChange.
Okay, now if we go back over here,
we go to Rabbit and Submit.
I guess there's nothing in
Seattle that has a rabbit.
And there we go.
Now we're not getting
havanese rabbits anymore.
You can see that I did two actions here.
I also could have handled
this at the reducer level and
everything would have been fine.